Breathing Exercise (Scene 1 & 2)
We will begin with a simple breathing exercise. Please find a comfortable place on the surrounding area. You can travel to the place of your choosing wether it is beneath the water with the coral and the fish or on the beach where it is sunny and warm. The place around you where you feel visually is the most comfortable. Then allow yourself to sit back in the chair and take in the visual surroundings. Pay attention to the coral gently swaying against the water and note the fish that are making its way through the tide. Now allow your hands to rest gently on your lap or by your sides. Letting your hands rest comfortably in your lap or on your knees. Take a moment to acknowledge that you are here, in this space, dedicating time for yourself. Notice any sounds around you, acknowledge them and let them pass without attaching or paying too much attention to them, let them be the background of your experience. If it feels comfortable for you, relax and lower your gaze to a point on the ocean or beach floor in front of you. Take a
moment to pay attention and notice your body and how it is feeling. Feel the sensations below your feet and the weight of your body resting against the chair. Observe how your body is feeling and the sensations you are experiencing.. Notice the points of contact between your body and the chair. Observe any areas of tension or discomfort. Take notice of your neck and shoulders observe how your body is resting against the chair. Continue paying attention and scanning your body for areas of tension and bringing your awareness to these points. Now Bring your attention to your lungs and without judgment, breathe into these areas, inviting a sense of relaxation. Allow yourself to feel grounded and supported by the chair beneath you.
Begin to bring your attention to your breath without trying to change your breathing in any way. Notice the natural rhythm of your breath Start by taking a deep breath in through your nose, filling your lungs completely. Feel your chest and belly rise.(3 second pause) Now exhale slowly through your mouth or nose, whichever feels most comfortable, letting all the air out. Feel your chest and belly fall. Now continue to breathe, inhale and feel your lungs expand and fill up. (3 second pause) Then slowly exhale and release your breath feeling your chest settle and shoulders rest. Then slowly turn your attention to your breath. Notice the sensation of the air moving in and out of your nostrils or the rise and fall of your chest or belly as you breathe. Now keep a steady pace of breath and direct your attention lower. Bring your awareness to how your body is currently feeling. Using your attention and awareness focus on your neck and shoulders. Feel the air against your neck and the chair against your shoulders. Feel your back being supported by the chair, leaning back and feeling your weight. Focus on where you feel the most tension in your body. It might be in your back, your chest, or your neck. Focus your attention on this area. It is very common that we get caught up in daily life that we do not note the sensations within us. This is the time to check up on your body and note any areas of pain, discomfort, or tension. Try to keep your attention and awareness directed at your breathe and body. Thoughts are natural and occurring. Gently acknowledge where your mind went and try not to criticize your thoughts, it is natural for people to drift and wander. This is what minds do. With kindness just bring your attention back to yourself, your surroundings and your steady breath. Remember, the goal is not to stop thinking, but to notice your thoughts and then return your focus to your breathing. Now, begin to deepen your breaths slightly. With each inhale, allow your abdomen to expand fully, and with each exhale, let it fall naturally. This deeper breathing can help enhance your sense of relaxation. With each breath, see if you can let go of any tension you may be holding in your body. With each exhale, imagine releasing any thoughts or distractions that are not serving you in this moment.Notice any sounds around you, the temperature of the air, and how your body feels in this moment. Notice the state of your mind and body. Observe any changes without judgment. Begin to bring your awareness back to the room. Feel the chair or floor beneath you. Hear the sounds around you. As our practice comes to a close, let go of the counting. Return to the natural rhythm of your breath. When you're ready, introduce small movements back into your body. You can gently wiggle your fingers and toes. Gently turn your head from side to side. Take a deep breath in, stretch your arms if you'd like, and as you exhale and when you're ready you can move from your position
