Introduction: (Scene 1 & 2)
 Hello! Thank you for signing up and participating in our Under The Sea Virtual
 Reality simulation. In our simulation there are many things to explore using our
 incredible submarine including various forms of coral, fish and sea creatures. The Virtual
 Reality experiment will lead the player under the water and if you are uncomfortable with
 this, please notify personnel now before starting the experience. You will travel in a
 submarine that will be remote controlled using the buttons in front of you. We begin on
 an island where we will first start with a breathing exercise which will last approximately
 1 to 2 minutes. After the breathing exercise, we will venture out under water and explore
 what the biome has to offer. Once you have completed all the exercises and roamed, you
 will then be asked to conclude the exercise while additional personnel help you take off
 the rest of the Virtual Reality equipment. Additionally, after you have removed all
 equipment a post VR survey will be provided to you. The survey is similar to the pre
 survey. Now that we have gone over what we will be doing today. We can now continue
 to the first activity.
 Breathing Exercise (Scene 1 & 2)
 Wewill begin with a simple breathing exercise. Please find a comfortable place on
 the surrounding area. You can travel to the place of your choosing wether it is beneath the
 water with the coral and the fish or on the beach where it is sunny and warm. The place
 around you where you feel visually is the most comfortable. Then allow yourself to sit
 back in the chair and take in the visual surroundings. Now allow your hands to rest gently
 on your lap or by your sides. Letting your hands rest comfortably in your lap or on your
 knees. Take a moment to acknowledge that you are here, in this space, dedicating time
 for yourself. Notice any sounds around you, acknowledge them but let them pass. If it
 feels comfortable for you, relax and lower your gaze to a point on the ocean or beach
 floor in front of you. Take a moment to pay attention and notice your body and how it is
 feeling. Feel the sensations below your feet and the weight of your body resting against
 the chair. Notice the points of contact between your body and the chair. Take notice of
 your neck and shoulders observe how your body is resting against the chair. Now Bring
 your attention to your lungs and without judgment, breathe into these areas, inviting a
 sense of relaxation. Allow yourself to feel grounded and supported by the chair beneath
 you.
 Begin to bring your attention to your breath without trying to change your
 breathing in any way. Notice the natural rhythm of your breath Start by taking a deep breath
 in through your nose, filling your lungs completely. Feel your chest and belly rise. Now exhale slowly through your mouth or nose, whichever feels most comfortable,
 letting all the air out. Feel your chest and belly fall. Now continue to breathe, inhale and feel
your lungs expand and fill up. Then slowly exhale and release your breath
 feeling your chest settle and shoulders rest. Then slowly turn your attention to your breath.
 Notice the sensation of the air moving in and out of your nostrils or the rise and fall of your chest
 or belly as you breathe. As our practice comes to a close, let go of the counting. Return to
 the natural rhythm of your breath. When you're ready, introduce small movements back
 into your body. You can gently wiggle your fingers and toes. Gently turn your head from
 side to side. Take a deep breath in, stretch your arms if you'd like, and as you exhale and
 when you're ready you can move from your position
 Scene 1: Directions
 Thank you for going through the breathing exercise with me. I hope you enjoyed
 it. But now that we have completed the breathing exercise, you can now use the
 remaining time to explore the biome and roam. I will notify you again once you have
 reached the duration of the experiment. Happy roaming!
 Outro:
 Thank you for your participation. Unfortunately, your remainder of time with us is
 coming to an end. Please wrap up your last interaction and make your way towards the
 island from which you spawned. Please prepare to take off the VR equipment. If you are
 unsure how to take off the headset, surrounding personnel shall assist you in taking off
 the gear. But we hope you have enjoyed the simulation. Please do not forget to complete
 the post VR survey which will be handed to you shortly. Have a good rest of your day.